Readme.md, before:

# INTRODUCTION
This will change life of your laptop's battery 
This app will notify the user to remove the charger when his battery will be fully charged or is about to die.

Obviously you have to setup the minimum and maximum threshold of battery level.

you can enable or disable the app by clicking on on/off switch on main window.

before this i had made very simple gui for this app so many users message me for gui,
due to my workload i have not much time so i finished this little late sorry for incovenience
i tried to do my best now its your turn to provide me feedback



it is very light weight app , 
it require only first time run, following times it will start automatically on windows startup 

feel free to contact us 
please send us bug reports so we can make it better for you
comment it if you like
p.s english isn't my first language sorry for any typo or mistake

# Download
https://sourceforge.net/projects/battery-saver/

# installation
**clone this repo**<br> 
**npm install**<br>
**npm start**<br>
thant's it

Commit message:

Updated installation instructions
Updated installation instructions to be more user friendly.

Readme.md, after:

# INTRODUCTION
This will change life of your laptop's battery 
This app will notify the user to remove the charger when his battery will be fully charged or is about to die.

Obviously you have to setup the minimum and maximum threshold of battery level.

you can enable or disable the app by clicking on on/off switch on main window.

before this i had made very simple gui for this app so many users message me for gui,
due to my workload i have not much time so i finished this little late sorry for incovenience
i tried to do my best now its your turn to provide me feedback



it is very light weight app , 
it require only first time run, following times it will start automatically on windows startup 

feel free to contact us 
please send us bug reports so we can make it better for you
comment it if you like
p.s english isn't my first language sorry for any typo or mistake

# Download
https://sourceforge.net/projects/battery-saver/

# Installation Instructions:

* Cone the repo: 
```shell
git clone https://github.com/daudmalik06/Battery-Saver
```
* Install NPM Dependencies:
```shell
cd Battery-Saver
npm install
```

* Start the app:
```shell
npm start
```

That's it! You should see the electron app starting. Remember to plug / unplug your power cable! :)
